## Better faction relations contract

This contract is to make the scorch faction wars better and bring more justice. All of this will be managed by matej1181 and BFR members. If this contract changes i will announce it in BFR (better factions relations) discord server and to update contract both factions need to agree along with BFR. Both factions also need to agree to this contract and be fully aware of it.

#

# Issues that this contract fixes

**Unwanted wars:** If you are at war with another faction and other faction wants to war you too, they can ally with your enemy faction and war you without you wanting to. This is commonly abused by Rebels united and few other factions.
**Faction inactivity:** This is already faction rule (Atleast i think, i can't find it now as of writing this), So this contract will enforce it, If faction that is inactive for more than week in war (Inactive: No players online), OR doesn't attend in war (doesn't kill enemies), then the war may be cancelled. (If requested by other side)
**Teaming enemies test subject:**
This is common issue in alot of wars, faction will just team their enemies to test subject. To avoid fights, To make wars more fun this should not be allowed.
**Mass reporting:** Thing that thieves guild does alot, they mass collect evidence of one user or mulitple users in their enemy faction and then create one ticket and paste all the clips in there with the hope of that player getting banned. This contract prevents this by putting in place rule 3 / 2 in (this contract's) faction rules.

# requirements

1.This contract need to be sent to all factions attending war, if both sides agree to it.
2.Even if contract is cancelled durning war, BFR still may decide to end the war or not (As mentinoed in [wckd faction war rules](https://discord.com/channels/710308659225165883/947675706652000257/949118826690261002 "Wckd faction rules discord message"), both sides need to agree to end the war) to prevent abuse.
3. Both factions need to announce in their communication channels about this contract to avoid confusion.
4. Both factions need to be active and kill their enemies when they see them.
5. Follow all the rules mentioned in Faction war rules, not doing so, BFR might consider with opposite side to end the war.

# Faction war rules

**1. Random killing enemies**
Rking enemies is allowed unless the enemy faction member just exited safe zone (As mentioned in [wckd faction rules](https://discord.com/channels/710308659225165883/947675706652000257/949118826690261002 "Wckd faction rules discord message") Enemy factions are Kill on sight against each other).
**2.Creating tickets**
Due to wckd ticket system being so unjustice sometimes, <span style="background-color:yellow;">before creating ticket in wckd discord server, create it in BFR discord first.</span>
**3. Breaking rules**
If any rules are broken in faction war, follow rule 2.
**4. Cuffing enemies** (suggested by Chad army leader, XxkillerxX2400)
To prevent teaming enemies Test subject or sometimes "hunting" enemies, cuffing enemies will not be allowed unless user is faction CoS. (Factions cannot make entire faction CoS, Unless it was done before the war.)
**5. Allies entering war** To prevent unwanted wars, both factions need to agree on allies entering the war and they need to contact BFR throught ticket about adding allies. (Allies need to be aware of this contract, when they enter the war, they automatically agree to it.)

# Additional contract features
These are so called "addons" for this contract. **They need to be agreed on by both sides.**
- Cheese war: Every week both factions will need to pay 100 scrap. The winner factions gets all collected scrap.
- Lettuce war: **CoS allowed** this will ignore rule 4.
- burger war: <span style="color:red;">**rules 2 and 4 along with requirement 4 will not be active**</span>
- Thieves guild style: Only rule 2 will be ignored, meaning, feel free to create as many tickets as you want. And get your enemies banned!
- Time limit: Both factions before starting war, will need to agree on how long will the war last, once the time limit ends the war ends too.
- Rebels united war:  <span style="color:red;Background-color:yellow;">**rules: 2, 4, 3, 1, 5 (meaning you dont need to Kill your enemies), along with requirement 4 will not be active**</span>
- Allies allowed: Rule 5 will not be active.
- Always latest contract version: Latest BFR war contract will be active and update if new version comes out, Updates will be announced in [BFR discord](https://discord.com/invite/Cw5XkfZeyA) annoucements channel. 
**Note:** Factions are allowed to create their own "addons" but they need to be discussed with BFR (In ticket) before applying them in your contract. You can also request your own "addon" to be added on this list.
# Examples
Note: Submit examples by creating ticket or dming Maslo#3091 ,or Matej1181#1020
**You can view examples on [the website](https://matej118111.github.io/AmogusMan-sContracts/ "My github contracts page")**

# Contract features
- 669 justice
- -all social credit
-  -77% bitches
-  +250 cool coin

# Notes

For faction members: You can join BFR, it is not faction so you don't need to leave your own (To join create ticket in BFR discord server).
As BFR member you will vote on faction war contract changes.
its called *Democracy.*

For leaders: <span style="color:red">  BFR is not "ally" with any factions.</span> <span style="background-color:yellow;">This contract was made to prevent current situation happening to Thieves guild and other factions.</span> Also please, when using this contract, ping me in faction declarations too, if that will not be done, BFR will not take any responsibility for war and will not manage it.

**Better faction relations contract
Version: v: 0.8 22/05/2022 15:03
Most of stuff written by: matej1181
Contact: Maslo#3091 OR Matej1181#1020 throught Dms on discord.**
Latest version of BFR contract can be found [here](https://matej118111.github.io/AmogusMan-sContracts/ "My github contracts page")